Spring Boot:-It is a Spring module that provides the RAD (Rapid Application Development) feature to the Spring Framework. 
It is used to create a stand-alone Spring-based application that you can just run because it needs minimal Spring configuration.

Why should we use Spring Boot Framework?
We should use Spring Boot Framework because:

The dependency injection approach is used in Spring Boot.
It contains powerful database transaction management capabilities.
It simplifies integration with other Java frameworks like JPA/Hibernate ORM, Struts, etc.
It reduces the cost and development time of the application.

Advantages of Spring Boot
It creates stand-alone Spring applications that can be started using Java -jar.
It tests web applications easily with the help of different Embedded HTTP servers such as Tomcat, Jetty, etc.
We don't need to deploy WAR files.
It provides opinionated 'starter' POMs to simplify our Maven configuration.
It provides production-ready features such as metrics, health checks, and externalized configuration.
There is no requirement for XML configuration.
It offers a CLI tool for developing and testing the Spring Boot application.
It offers the number of plug-ins.
It also minimizes writing multiple boilerplate codes (the code that has to be included in many places with little or no alteration),
XML configuration, and annotations.
It increases productivity and reduces development time.
Limitations of Spring Boot
Spring Boot can use dependencies that are not going to be used in the application. These dependencies increase the size of the application.

Goals of Spring Boot
The main goal of Spring Boot is to reduce development, unit test, and integration test time.
Provides Opinionated Development approach
Avoids defining more Annotation Configuration
Avoids writing lots of import statements
Avoids XML Configuration.
By providing or avoiding the above points, Spring Boot Framework reduces Development time, Developer Effort, and increases productivity.

Prerequisite of Spring Boot
To create a Spring Boot application, following are the prerequisites.
Java 1.8
Maven 3.0+
Spring Framework 5.0.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT
An IDE (Spring Tool Suite) is recommended.

Spring Boot Features
Web Development
SpringApplication
Application events and listeners
Admin features
Externalized Configuration
Properties Files
YAML Support
Type-safe Configuration
Logging
Security
